From cutting-edge AI to foundational IT: we are your trusted ally


Presidio is here to guide your digital journey and help you navigate the fast-changing tech landscape. Our experts reduce risk and get things done. Presidio is your trusted ally.

We are with our customers for a lifetime. We understand where you’ve been and where you’re going. We bridge the gap between traditional IT environments and an automated, digitally-transformed future. We see the big picture, take on any challenge, and help you adapt.

Our approach is fearless, fast, flexible, and compassionate. We get involved at all levels to earn your trust and deliver innovative, high-quality results at the speed your business needs to succeed.

a screenshot of a video game
With Presidio you get:

icon-check-orange
The convergence of decades of IT knowledge with visionary ultra-modern cloud talent


Local project delivery backed by a global cohesive team of experts at the ready


Customer-obsessed services professionals who measure success in your terms


The Presidio Culture
The world is moving to digital faster than ever before and our team is proud to be at the forefront of this business evolution.
What makes Presidio’s culture unique is our diverse team of exceptionally skilled people with a shared intensity for customer
success. We believe when our people and customers come first, Presidio’s success will follow.

art
People OF Presidio
Our People make us who we are. Get to know the People of Presidio through their stories and photos.


a group of people in a room
Culture and Belonging
Our commitment to Culture and Belonging begins at the top and permeates the entire Presidio organization and our trusted partner network.


a group of people in a circle
Community Outreach
Our people-first culture extends beyond our day jobs and into our communities and daily lives.


a group of people working on computers
Careers
Join the software-driven, digital transformation movement. Browse openings and be a part of something great.


SIGN UP FOR PRESIDIO UPDATES
EMAIL

GLOBAL REACH.
LOCAL DELIVERY.

With offices and consultants around the globe, your next world-class solution is never far away.

VIEW OUR LOCATIONS

Presidio Value is Everywhere

We have a strong track record of solving difficult and ambitious challenges for our customers.


Securely processing every tax return filed in the US


Broadcasting high-profile events like Political Debates and Sporting Events


Connecting 1 in 10 US college students in 500+ institutions


Supporting life-saving systems in 500+ hospitals


Synthesizing over 1 billion security events a month


THE PRESIDIO DIFFERENCE

All the benefits of scale, with a nimble, customer-centric approach.


Breadth of capabilities


Thought leadership across technologies allows us to architect, implement, secure and manage any digital transformation needs


Best-in-class engineering resources


Localized high touch service with global scale and advanced certifications across a broad network of partners


Customized approach to solving problems


Close integration between design, delivery, and customer experience teams results in 100% customized solutions for your unique needs


Deep customer satisfaction


High NPS 20% above industry average with 98% of clients making repeat purchases

Infographic promoting Presidio as a trusted IT partner, highlighting services like modern networking, cybersecurity, and global reach.
Learn more about Presidio. Check out top facts and what sets us apart here:

Download PDF
IT Solutions Team Meeting

Awards
We are proud to be recognized by partners, customers and industry insiders for our solutions.

graphical user interface, text
2022 Cisco Partner Summit Award Winner
Varonis Partner Award - Presidio Growth Partner of the Year 2021
View All Awards

By The Numbers
3
,
5
0
0
Employees
7
,
2
0
0
+
Technical Certs
5
:1
Engineer to Account Manager Ratio
5
.8B
Annual Gross Revenue
6
,
6
0
0
Total Clients
4
0
+
Global Locations
2
0
0
3
Year Company Founded
7
,
0
0
0
+
Technical Engineers

SUSTAINABILITY
Presidio is committed to sustainability across all facets of our operations. Actively working towards a greener and more sustainable future for businesses and communities, we’ve set the following goals to make a positive impact:

By 2025, we aim to significantly reduce e-waste generation through extensive recycling and reuse efforts. Our target is to increase our e-waste landfill diversion rate from 50% to 75% between 2022 and 2025.
Additionally, we’re dedicated to reducing our Scope 1 emissions (e.g., emissions associated with fuel combustion in boilers, furnaces, vehicles) by 20% by 2025. This will be achieved through a combination of strategies, including reducing our physical office space footprint and enhancing the energy efficiency of our buildings.
HOW CAN WE
HELP YOU?

Which one of these best
matches your needs?

Contact Sales
Contact Tech Support
Contact Human Resources
Presidio Logo


Corporate Headquarters
PENN 1, 1 Pennsylvania Plaza
Suite 2501
New York, NY 10119



212.652.5700

Solutions
Services
Industries
Insights
Partners
Company
Locations
Contact Us
Presidio Global Sites:

Presidio Europe
Presidio APAC